We shall focus on making deep research on
ㅇunique, innovative and disruptive radar technology
ㅇradar application technology that has great industrial impact and is tightly linked to regional strategic industries
ㅇcore breakthrough radar technology with significant depth, comprehensive academic achievements
ㅇdefense and security radar technology that reflects publicity and improves people's lives according to Korean national demands
ㅇmain research interests: Vehicle radar, biological radar, aviation and security radar, radar detection/identification and recognition technology, defense unmanned radar


Graduate Student Assistantship Opening

The Department of Interdisplinary Engineering of DGIST has an opening for the 2021 spring semester graduate student assistantship 
with the following research focus area (Advisor: Prof. Jonghun Leen, Email: jhlee@dgist.ac.kr):

1) radar processing (Deep/Mahcine Learning), 2) Automotive radar, 3) Vital Radar, 4) Sensor Fusion 

To qualify for this highly competitive scholarship, applicants must meet the following requirements:

1. Hold a bachelor’s or master’s degree as of March 1st, 2021
2. For master’s program (or Integrated Master’s & Doctoral program): students should hold a bachelor’s degree or a diploma that is equivalent to or higher than bachelor’s degree
3. For doctoral program: students should hold a master’s degree or a diploma that is equivalent to or higher than master’s degree
4. Important requirements: Official english score should be over 80 in TOEFL or 6.0 in IELTS

Listed below are some features of this research assistantship and the expected benefits of the program for successful applicants:

1. Monthly allowance of at least 1,200,000 won(KRW) for PHD student and 800,000 won for master student
2. Tuition fees for study period
3. Extra allowances based on research performance

Application procedure:
Interested applicants should send the following things to the above advisor email address:

1) Study plan (clearly stating the research topics you are interested in)
2) Academic transcripts
3) Brief summary of most recent thesis and the status (eg accepted, in progress, submitted, etc)
4) CV (to include names, education, work experience, publications)
5) Copy of official English score (TOEFL or IELTS score should be submitted)

홈페이지 수정 및 보완사항

1. 첫화면
DGIST RADAR Lab -> DGIST Advanced Radar Tech. Lab

DGIST ART lab. aims to transform digital and intelligent radar research into 
innovative commercial and defens e technologies 

We shall shape a new world through the innovative development of breakthrough digital 
radar techniques.



바로가기 링크
DGIST, 대학원, 융합전공, 융합연구원, 미래자동차연구부

연구협력기관
ADD, LIGNEX1, 한화시스템, 삼성전자, 삼성전기, LG전자, 평화정공, 화신, SL, ETRI, 인피니언
서울대, KAIST, 조지아텍, Univ. of florida, 경북대, 영남대, 제주대, 단국대,
한국시뮬레이션학회, 대한임베디드공학회

ART Lab 화면

사진, 증명사진, 챔버사진, 박순(PPT)